The Devore ships are assuming
a tactical formation.
Bridge to Transporter Room.
Status?
Pattern cohesion looks stable.
All set here, Captain.
Cargo Bay 1, report.
JANEWAY:
The bay is clear.
They're powering weapons.
Why do they bother?
They know we won't resist.
Protocol, Mr. Paris.
( console beeping )
They're hailing.
prepare to be inspected.
Gaharay vessel,
Crew members are instructed
from their stations.
to step away
We know the drill.
and scanning equipment
Side arms
are to be set aside.
Deviation from this
or any other
inspection protocols will
not be tolerated.
All hands, this is the Captain.
by Devore inspection teams.
Prepare to be boarded
Give them your full cooperation.
Let's get this over with.
have materialized
Their soldiers
on Decks 15, 11, 4 and 1.
( Mahler's Symphony #1 playing)
Captain Janeway,
MALE:
report to your ready room.
Good morning, Captain.
of playing this music
I took the liberty
throughout your ship.
I thought it might help
your crew relax.
Sometimes these inspections
can be stressful.
How thoughtful.
I've replicated some coffee.
Black, as usual?
Black.
refuses to try it,
Prax here still
but then, he's a man
of few pleasures.
Captain,
please make yourself at home.
Symphony #1 continues )
( Mahler's
( instrument beeping )
Those cell cultures
are extremely fragile.
Please...
through your transporter system.
You've been routing power
Why?
It's a routine diagnostic.
We've been having trouble
with our imaging scanners.
the primary energizing coils.
The problem is in
Focus your efforts there.
Thanks for the tip.
Contaminated antimatter.
This material could interfere
with our readings.
A bionetic implant?
An interlink node.
It permits communication
with other Borg drones.
You are not a telepath.
No.
Remarkable.
How old is this?
About 600 years.
to me when I was a child.
My grandfather gave it
a long-standing obsession
It seems you have
with exploration, Captain.
have much more in common
I, on the other hand,
with this ancient soldier.
He's from Earth's
classical period.
greatest artists as well.
It produced some of our
many contradictions.
Your culture has
Violence and beauty,
science and faith...
all somehow mingled
harmoniously.
Like the counterpoint
of this music.
Mahler, Symphony #1.
Am I correct?
You're getting to know
my musical database
better than I do.
I've had time to review it
since our last encounter.
inspections this personal?
Tell me, are all of your
I'm just trying to get
to know you, Captain.
There's no reason for us
to be adversaries.
I could be your friend
you could certainly use one.
and, right now,
Really? Why is that?
Your predicament.
I don't expect
it's been easy.
Thousands of light-years
from home,
navigating by strange stars,
other people's space,
trespassing in
ignoring their laws.
to get back to Earth, Inspector.
We're just trying
Through the Devore Imperium?
It's tough to avoid.
Still, most people
make the effort.
We don't exactly embrace
outsiders.
"Gaharay."
It means "strangers."
Which brings me to a matter
that could threaten
our friendship.
I've examined your crew manifest
from our last inspection.
Ensign Vorik-- Vulcans.
Commander Tuvok,
and Jurot-- Betazoids.
Ensigns Suder
All telepaths...
you neglected to mention them.
and yet for some reason,
For a very simple reason.
They're dead.
died in a shuttle crash
Tuvok, Vorik and Jurot
about two months ago.
with a species called the Kazon.
Suder was killed in a conflict
That's fortunate...
for you, I mean.
were harboring telepaths,
If I'd found you
I would have had to arrest you
our Cardinal Protocol.
for breaking
They were valued members
of my crew, Inspector,
not criminals.
Perhaps.
Captain...
do you trust me?
Not for a second.
Exactly.
And why should you?
Trust has to be earned.
It's gradual,
and yet it's the foundation
of every relationship,
professional and personal.
alien to the telepathic races.
It's also a concept
Why take someone at their word
when you can simply read
their mind?
( door opens )
We've completed
our inspection.
telepaths aboard.
There are no
However, their sensor logs
indicate they deviated
course on two occasions.
from their assigned
to avoid ion storms.
In both cases,
Imperative 32, Codicil 626:
"All gaharay vessels
from prescribed flight vectors
"that deviate
will be impounded, their crews
detained and relocated."
Prax, it's clear
intend to break protocol.
the Captain didn't
I expect we can overlook
these infractions.
Sir?
Yes, sir.
a reasonable man
Captain, I'm
but consider this a reminder.
and you've been cooperative,
You have a long trip
through Devore space
and good friends
can be an asset.
I'll keep it in mind.
The Devore vessels are
out of range.
Bridge to Transporter Team.
You're clear.
Cargo Bay 1 to Ensign Kim.
Pattern enhancers are in place.
Initiating rematerialization
sequence.
Harry, I'm routing maximum power
to the transporters.
Got it.
KIM:
Align the confinement
beam to ten angstroms.
Energizing.
( power fluctuating )
Ensign Kim, the confinement beam
is unstable.
We're trying to correct it now.
What's the problem?
We're unable to consolidate
their patterns.
in suspension too long.
They've been
to the imaging scanners.
Harry, increase power
Aye, Captain.
It's working.
Nice work, Harry.
All our guests are present
and accounted for.
Captain...
They're gone... for now.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
of playing hide-and-seek
After weeks
with the Devore inspectors,
our goal is near--
that will take our passengers
a transport vessel
out of hostile territory.
to a wormhole leading
old self again?
Back to your
I feel as though I've left
Each time we do this,
a few molecules behind
in your cargo bay.
Well, I'll have someone
scan the room
you feel better.
if it'll make
Kir, we just received
an encoded message
from the transport vessel.
rendezvous point again.
They've changed the
I'm afraid so.
Did they send the
new coordinates?
We're still waiting
for them.
Captain, we may have
another problem.
and two of the refugees
I just treated Tuvok
cellular degradation.
for acute
most of the damage,
I've repaired
the effect is cumulative.
but unfortunately,
Meaning?
If we continue to go
into transporter
suspension,
may not survive.
some of us
CHAKOTAY: Bridge to Captain.
Go ahead.
another transmission.
We're receiving
Acknowledged.
The new coordinates are here
SEVEN:
within a Mutara-class nebula,
from our current position.
2.36 light-years
out of the way--
It's definitely
being discovered--
less chance of
more days to get there.
but it'll take two
that increases the chances
Two days--
that we'll run into
another inspection.
of patrols in that area,
Given the frequency
stopped at least once.
it's likely we'll be
Just what the Doctor
didn't order.
Tuvok, Seven, I want you
to lay in a course
as little attention as possible.
that'll attract
We'll avoid their colonies,
space stations,
tourist attractions--
if they have any.
The Ogre of Fire's castle
hovered over the forest
like a great, black spaceship,
turning day into night.
knew they had to find a way
Now, Flotter and Trevis
burning the forest down,
to keep the Ogre from
higher than the tallest tree.
but his castle-- it was
It seemed hopeless
until they discovered...
A door.
A door, right.
right in the middle of a...
A mysterious door,
The clearing.
You know, it's...
to read people's thoughts
it's not nice
when they're telling a story.
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
( door opens )
Why don't you all go play
by yourselves for a while?
We'll finish the story later.
How are they doing?
Oh, fine, more or less.
what all the fuss is about,
They don't understand
telepaths, Captain.
but they're
concerned or fearful,
If the parents are
the children feel it, too.
You did the right thing.
If we hadn't taken them
off that freighter,
they'd be in a detention
center by now.
Well, we're going to make sure
that doesn't happen.
Is the kitchen still open
just serving stories?
or are you
it's always open.
For you,
I'm detecting a vessel,
Commander,
300,000 kilometers
and closing.
The signature is Devore.
Red Alert. Shields up.
Bridge to Captain.
More company, Commander?
Looks like it.
Get our visitors
to the cargo bay.
for transporter suspension.
Stand by
Aye, Captain.
Neelix.
Right away.
Come on, now.
We're going to go
see your parents.
Let's go.
Report.
One pilot; no other crew.
It's a scout ship.
The vessel hasn't raised shields
or charged weapons.
another inspection,
If this is
a different approach.
it's certainly
We're being hailed.
Open a channel.
Captain.
Inspector.
It's urgent that we speak.
You know the way
to my ready room.
It's all right,
Ensign.
to your previous inspections
I submitted
because you outgunned me,
any of your warships nearby.
but I don't see
I have no intention
of cooperating.
to search Voyager.
I'm not here
do you want, inspector?
Then what
Call me Kashyk, please.
I never liked that title.
In fact, I've left it behind.
Did somebody offer you
a promotion, or are you
just having a bad day?
I'm defecting,
and I need your help.
Me?
safe passage out of Devore space
I've come to ask asylum--
in a detention center myself.
before I end up
Now, why would I risk
the safety of my crew
by harboring a defector?
I'm about to tell you.
Because of what
on your present course,
If you continue
by a squadron of my warships.
you'll be intercepted
your crew imprisoned or worse.
Voyager will be seized,
The nebula is a trap, Captain,
smuggling telepaths.
to catch vessels
You've inspected my ship
three times.
You know we aren't smuggling
telepaths or anyone else.
What I know is that you have
12 refugees aboard right now,
from a freighter three weeks ago
that you rescued them
been concealing them
and that you've
using your transporters.
in Cargo Bay 1,
I could have exposed them
but I wanted them
at any time,
as much as you do.
to escape
I can still protect them,
take me with you.
but only if you
about the wormhole.
My people know
It's only a matter of time
before they find it.
You have no choice, Captain.
I'm your only hope.
rendezvous point
This is our
inside this nebula.
the transport vessel
Unfortunately,
we're supposed to meet
is no longer there.
Inspector.
A Devore warship.
TUVOK:
One of a dozen
throughout the nebula--
positioned
all invisible
to our sensors
until Kashyk showed
me how to compensate
for their refractive shielding.
Your soldiers intercepted
the transport ship?
Over a week ago.
We were the ones
who changed
the rendezvous
coordinates.
Two vessels carrying refugees
have already been seized.
have been next.
Voyager would
All right, Inspector,
this ambush. What now?
you helped us avoid
We'll have to get
your passengers
to the wormhole on our own.
and routes of our patrols,
These are the schedules
along with tactical
data on our shield
and weapons configurations--
enough to ensure
another inspection.
that you avoid
How long before you're missed?
Well, I took two weeks' leave.
Enough time, I hope,
to find the wormhole
and get your passengers
safely through it,
and myself, as well.
Your data is useful,
but it doesn't guarantee
our success.
No. For that, you'll need
my guidance and some luck.
I'll have to take this
up with the Brenari...
see what they think of
their new benefactor.
I'll let you know
what they decide.
you remain under guard.
I'll have to insist
No hard feelings.
It's unusual...
but not unheard of.
sympathizers before.
There have been
telling the truth.
Kashyk may be
just read his thoughts.
Maybe you should
Devore soldiers undergo
years of mental training
to prevent that.
He might be telling
the truth,
but he also might be using us
to find the wormhole.
throw him in the brig?
So what do we do,
No.
his offer to help,
We take him up on
see how it plays out.
But I want 'round-the-clock
security.
his every movement.
We need to watch
That leaves us with
our next question:
How do we find
the wormhole?
I've given it some thought.
There's a scientist named Torat.
He's from a nearby system.
about the wormhole than anyone.
He's rumored to know more
He might help us... for a price.
A price?
His species power
their ships with a fluidic alloy
that's difficult to find.
Perhaps we can
replicate it.
on its composition.
I have some data
See what you can do.
we'll set a course
In the meantime,
try to track him down.
for Torat's planet,
Nervous?
( sighs )
Let's just say...
I'm not used to other people
deciding my fate.
you were part of a government
Until today,
thousands of innocent people.
responsible for persecuting
Why the sudden change of heart?
There's nothing sudden about it.
a way to escape for years.
I've been looking for
the perfect opportunity.
Voyager was
How so?
Well, what are you suggesting...
I ask a Brenari vessel
for assistance?
They'd throw me out an airlock.
Besides...
of a humanitarian, Captain.
you're something
I've read your database.
Starfleet philosophy,
I know all about
those ideals behind
unless you left
in the Alpha Quadrant.
I certainly don't grant asylum
to every person I meet,
who ransack my ship
especially ones
and terrorize my crew.
You're asking me to believe
you're someone else...
faith I'm not ready to make.
and... that's a leap of
You're turning me away.
No.
I'm going to give you safe
passage to the wormhole...
in return for your help
in getting us there,
but I'm also imposing
some restrictions.
You'll have your
own quarters,
to Voyager's systems,
but limited access
and your whereabouts will
be monitored at all times.
I'm used to being surrounded
by armed guards.
Makes me feel secure.
they answer to me.
Only this time,
Consider them a reminder that
Voyager is my ship.
I don't think anyone
could doubt that.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
It's taken us nearly two days,
but we've managed
to locate Torat,
the man who's supposedly
an expert on wormholes.
he seems reluctant
Unfortunately,
to share his expertise.
He's trying to evade us.
Hail him again.
Mr. Torat doesn't
seem too trusting.
Maybe he's been through
one inspection too many.
No response.
his communications system.
He's deactivated
computer, override the lockout.
I think I can tap into his
Do it.
Go away!
This is Captain Kathryn Janeway
of the Federation
Starship Voyager.
We have no hostile intent.
Then why are you pursuing me?
We'd just like to ask...
Federations, Imperiums...
Why do you people
feel such a need
monolithic organizations, hmm?
to align yourselves with
I'd be glad to discuss that
and any other philosophical
issue you care to raise,
slow down and talk.
if you would just
Sorry. Can't do that.
a very important conference!
I'm late for
This is a waste of time.
Disable his ship.
That's what we call
overkill, Inspector.
Ensign, can we transport
at this range?
Absolutely. Energizing.
Welcome aboard.
Your reputation precedes you.
isochromate-- no impurities--
20 centiliters of mercurium
JANEWAY:
and this is just a sample.
to power your ship for a year.
We've synthesized enough
It doesn't matter.
wormhole you're looking for,
I never heard of this...
or these so-called refugees.
Well, they've heard of you.
Well, no doubt-- my
research is famous.
Think of all the stars
you could research
propulsion system with this.
once you've infused your
There's no point
in bribing me.
He's right. He couldn't
help us if he wanted to.
mean by that?
What do you
I doubt you'd know a wormhole
from a dark matter inversion.
Professor... Kashyk
is another expert
I've retained to help
us with this matter.
I'm afraid he's not
as impressed with
your work as I am.
In fact, he discouraged me
from seeking you out.
Professor Kashyk?
Never heard of you.
Not surprising,
in scientific obscurity.
considering you toil
Obscurity?!
60 astronomical phenomena!
I-I've discovered over
Not worth the sensors
they were recorded on.
( scoffing ):
Oh...
to insult the man.
There's no need
Just because he doesn't know how
to find an interspatial flexure.
Interspatial flexure?
Why didn't you say so
in the first place?
He said wormhole--
a layman's term
any number of phenomena.
that... that covers
with a certain anomaly
I am familiar
as an "interspatial flexure."
that could be categorized
Where is it?
a better question would be,
Actually,
where is it now?
It's really quite
interesting.
The aperture of
the phenomenon--
which I prefer to call
cyclical vortex-- is unfixed.
an intermittent
It manifests infrequently,
for only brief periods of time
and in varying locations.
( spits sharply )
( sighs )
the last four locations.
I can give you
Perhaps you can extrapolate
the next one...
a scientist as you claim to be.
if you're as accomplished
Think.
I'm thinking.
Four wormhole appearances
Think harder.
less than 20 light-years apart--
there's no pattern.
fractal coefficient?
Did you apply a
Didn't work.
Neutrino flux parameters?
Mm-hmm.
Statistical algorithms?
I could find.
Every one
defies analysis.
This wormhole
Maybe Torat
was right--
we're just out
of our league.
It's not like you to give up.
Think harder.
How do you predict...
a random occurrence?
You follow your instincts.
( symphonic music playing )
Captain?
Counterpoint.
It's in all great music.
Parallel melodies
playing against one another.
We've been looking
at the obvious--
frequency, location, timing--
but each of those parameters
could have a counterpoint
in subspace.
If we could run an algorithm
based on subspace harmonics,
it might reveal our pattern.
Computer, run a subspatial
transkinetic analysis
on the wormhole data.
Analysis in progress.
This'll take a minute.
( symphonic music continues )
I'm going to miss this...
coffee of yours.
Well, I will give
you the recipe.
Thank you.
You don't sound too
happy about leaving.
to embrace a former Inspector.
The Brenari aren't about
hated for what I represent.
I'll be feared,
become you, Inspector.
Anxiety doesn't
Try to relax a little.
me better in uniform.
I suppose you liked
I haven't decided whether
I like you at all.
We call them the Kolyan Kolyar--
Infinite Spirals.
Beautiful.
As a boy, I spent years
gazing at these lights.
This is the last time
I'll ever see them.
similar back on Earth--
We have something
the Aurora Borealis.
may never see again.
Which you, too,
I suppose we're both
refugees, in a way.
on getting this ship home.
I'm still counting
Are you sure you'll be
welcome when you do?
I came across something
else in your database--
the "Prime Directive."
"Cardinal Protocol."
The Federation's
It seems
you violated it when you
rescued these telepaths.
Well, let's just say I usually
go with my instincts...
at the Board of Inquiry.
and sort it out later
on a first-name basis, you know.
Those Admirals and I were
Ah.
a lot, too. Why?
You're risking
Three months ago,
a plasma-refining vessel.
my teams were inspecting
We found a family of telepaths
the extraction tanks.
hiding in one of
There was a child...
very young.
She'd been inside it for days,
barely able to breathe.
When I lifted her out
and set her down
on the deck...
she thanked me.
I sent her to a relocation
center with the others,
what would happen to her.
knowing full well
After that, I could think
of nothing else,
stand it any longer...
and when I couldn't
You're my deliverance, Captain.
Analysis complete.
It worked.
It looks like it'll appear
in about three days...
light-years from here.
less than eight
The Tehara system.
Is that a problem?
There's an automated
sensor array
between here and Tehara.
Can we go around it?
We'd never make it in time.
We'll have to find a way
to avoid detection.
in the morning.
( sighing ):
Let's do it
We've done enough
for tonight.
Are you saying good-bye?
other spirals.
There'll be
quite so... beautiful before.
They've just never looked
Could be the company
I'm keeping.
Or the polarization
axis of the windows.
That must be it.
How often does this array
emit a scanning pulse?
Every 40 seconds.
Range?
Ten light-years.
The pulse is designed
and impulse signatures.
to track warp fields
If we lower our power output
detection threshold...
to beneath its
past undetected.
We could drift
It's worth a try.
Well, good night.
Captain...
why don't you...
join me?
I've been looking forward
to trying your replicator.
Well, I'm sure that I can
come up with something
to toast the evening.
We've accomplished
quite a bit today.
won't be possible.
I'm afraid that
I had your replicator
taken off-line.
In case I decided to
replicate a weapon.
A safety precaution,
you understand.
Better than anyone.
Sleep well.
And you.
As you were.
15 seconds.
Our power output
KASHYK:
is below the detection
threshold.
Ten seconds.
Five... four...
three...
two...
We weren't detected.
and we'll be out of range.
Ten minutes
Engineering to Bridge.
We've got a problem.
TORRES:
That pulse triggered a variance
in the antimatter stream.
light us up like a beacon
It's not much, but it'll
when the next pulse hits.
JANEWAY:
Options?
I can't correct it in time.
So that leaves shutting down
the core.
Do it.
The array has released
another pulse.
Time?
28 seconds.
to the plasma injectors.
Get down
and monitor the antimatter flow.
Grab a tricorder
Aye, sir.
20 seconds.
B'Elanna...
Almost there, Captain.
I'm having a problem
with the injectors.
15 seconds.
Ten seconds.
Four... three... two...
( console beeping )
We've been detected.
The array's transmitting
an alert.
Can we block it?
Negative.
Stand down grey mode.
B'Elanna, fire up the core.
We're getting out of here.
Warships will be
on their way,
reach the wormhole.
but we can still
If we can find it.
to the Tehara system?
Tom, how long
11 hours at maximum warp.
Engines are
back on line.
Engage.
Using the model
we developed,
we were able to narrow
down the location
of the wormhole's next
appearance to a radius
of 200,000 kilometers.
We can't determine
KIR:
until we reach the system,
its exact position
but we know it will open
in roughly six hours.
for two minutes at most.
And will remain open
I've devised a new
shield modulation,
which should protect us
against their weapons.
You're not planning to fight
your way to the wormhole?
If I have to.
Bridge to Captain Janeway.
PARIS:
Go ahead.
picked up two Devore warships
Long-range sensors have
heading right for us.
Time to intercept?
Six hours.
I'll be in Engineering.
Take the Bridge.
Kashyk.
First, we'll check those
shield modifications.
Then we'll see if we
can adjust our phasers
to penetrate the
Devore shields.
If torpedoes don't work,
I want an alternative.
Captain, we have to talk
but not here.
to rejoin the warships.
I'm going back
can guarantee your safety.
It's the only way that I
Kashyk...
I'm still a ranking officer.
of the inspection teams,
I can take command
make sure the refugees
aren't discovered.
You said yourself
they're suspicious.
Return now and you
risk being caught.
I can keep them off track
long enough to
get you through the wormhole.
It's too dangerous.
Kathryn...
You asked for safe passage
and I agreed,
that you follow my orders.
under the condition
against one of our warships,
You may stand a chance
but not against two.
If I stay, your
best chance
of escape will be lost.
I could confine you to quarters.
( chuckles )
I was planning on asking you
to stay with us,
once we got through
the wormhole.
I wouldn't mind having
someone around
of Tchaikovsky now and then.
who appreciates a bit
Generous, but...
something tells me I wouldn't
fit in any better on Voyager.
Well...
the first wayward soul
you wouldn't be
we've folded into our ranks.
for launch within the hour.
Your shuttle will be ready
( door opens, closes )
just outside the Teharan system
Our course will put us
the warships arrive.
by the time
Your inspection teams
have to be off Voyager
before that wormhole opens.
quickest inspection on record.
Believe me, it'll be the
I'll be on the Bridge.
Your efforts have been
greatly appreciated.
My pleasure.
Live long and prosper.
Thank you.
( doors open )
Begin preignition sequence.
KASHYK:
I've made one adjustment
to your plan.
After the inspection,
we're going to wait
for as long as we can...
at the wormhole
until it begins
to collapse.
to join you this time.
I may not be able
Try.
( engines powering up )
a tactical formation.
They're assuming
Shields?
No. We follow
protocol.
Bridge to Transporter Room.
Status?
Pattern cohesion stable.
Ready, Captain.
Cargo Bay 1?
Clear.
They're hailing.
On screen.
Gaharay vessel,
prepare to be...
We've been through
JANEWAY:
three inspections.
why another is necessary.
Please explain
Crew members are instructed to
step away from their stations.
and scanning equipment
Side arms
are to be set aside.
Deviation from this
or any other
will not be tolerated.
inspection protocols
All hands, this is the Captain.
by Devore inspection teams.
Prepare to be boarded
your usual warm welcome.
Give them
have materialized
Devore soldiers
on Decks 15, 12, 8, 4...
And... 1.
( Tchaikovsky symphony playing)
report to your ready room.
Captain Janeway,
KASHYK:
Captain.
Good to see you again.
Likewise.
( instruments beeping )
( music continues )
Tchaikovsky.
Of all the selections
in your database,
this remains my favorite.
Mine, too.
isn't impressed.
I'm afraid Prax
with his work, aren't you, Prax?
He's solely concerned
As you say, sir.
you entered this sector.
Yes, he's curious why
it's restricted.
You're aware
We were planning to study
a supernova remnant
not far from here.
You strayed a full light-year
from your course
an astronomical phenomenon?
in order to observe
We're explorers.
Yes, I remember.
I also remember warning you
about going where
you don't belong.
be hard to resist, Inspector.
Exploring can sometimes
Well, it's a romantic notion,
Captain,
but one I can't allow you
to indulge.
I'm afraid I'll
have to ask you
to leave our space
immediately.
Prax, why don't
you check
while I reiterate
on our teams,
our protocols for
Captain Janeway.
Do they suspect
anything?
Not yet, but our warships
have been monitoring
Voyager's movements
for the past few days,
and mine as well.
we have much time.
I don't think
The Brenari?
They're in transporter
suspension.
And the wormhole?
We found it.
It's 20,000 kilometers
off our port bow.
that a photon torpedo,
We've determined
will force open the threshold
properly calibrated,
long enough for Voyager
to get through.
Congratulations, Captain.
For awhile, I wasn't sure
if even you could find it.
Prax.
Go to Cargo Bay 1.
the transporter patterns
You'll find
a dozen telepaths.
for more than
Rematerialize them.
Yes, sir.
Impressive.
You gave a masterful
performance.
who's impressed
I'm the one
with your selflessness,
your humanity.
It made all this
so much easier.
Oh, but what about
your selflessness?
about the little girl--
That touching story
was that a fabrication, too?
Oh, that incident
was real.
What I didn't tell you
was that after wrestling
with my ethics,
I realized that I'd
done the right thing
protect my people
in order to
from a very real threat.
Please.
I insist.
Captain...
Access their forward
sensor array.
neutrino emissions
You should find
at roughly 20,000 kilometers
off the port bow.
On screen.
Target two photon torpedoes.
When the first one
detonates,
the wormhole will open.
Use the second one
its subspace matrix.
to destabilize
That will destroy it.
Prax, report.
the bio-patterns.
I've isolated
Fire.
It should have detonated.
Those aren't neutrino emissions.
residue signatures.
They're antimatter
wormhole here.
There's no
You created false readings.
for this evening, isn't it?
That is the theme
Prax, do you have
the telepaths?
I have cargo containers...
filled with vegetables.
Return to the Bridge.
change music selection.
Computer,
Mahler's Symphony #1,
second movement.
Maybe this will help you relax.
our inventory of the vessel.
Inspector, we've completed
DEVORE SOLDIER:
Two of their shuttlecraft
are missing.
They couldn't have gone far.
on our long-range scans?
Why didn't they appear
Of course!
Adjust their scanners
to compensate
for refractive shielding.
the specifications.
Well, you gave us
Seemed a shame to waste them.
the two shuttlecraft.
We've located
Range 20 million kilometers.
Order our ships to pursue.
Maximum speed!
We're approaching
the coordinates.
I'm firing the torpedo.
The shuttles have disappeared
from sensors.
We've scanned for a wormhole.
If there was one,
it's gone.
( sighs )
and her crew removed.
I'll order Janeway
We'll confiscate the vessel,
deliver them to the nearest
detention center.
You're dismissed.
Imperative 12, Codicil Six
requires...
To hell with protocol, Prax!
Do you think either
of us will benefit
from having this failure
on our records?
As far as you're
concerned,
this incident never occurred.
your teams share
Make sure
that understanding.
( music continues )
Well played, Captain.
It seems I never did
earn your trust.
a few precautions.
I had to take
You understand.
Better than anyone.
I never lied to you.
My offer to take you with us
was genuine,
and it would still stand
your part of the bargain.
if you'd kept
For what it's worth...
you made a tempting offer.
The Bridge is yours.
( Mahler's Symphony
#1 continues )